---
layout: page
title: Thinking Fast and Slow with Deep Learning and Tree Search
permalink: /papers/2018/rl/thinking_fast_and_slow/
---

# [Thinking Fast and Slow with Deep Learning and Tree Search](https://arxiv.org/abs/1705.08439)

Think fast and slow says that human mind has  two systems  system 1 and system2.

**System 1:** intuition or heuristic process.

- Eg: Reinforce, DQN

**System 2:**  conscious, explicit and rule-based mode of reasoning

- Tree Search

**Expert Iteration** - System 1 to make selection with no look over head and System 2 to search possible 

search policies and suggest a strong policies

**Imitation Learnning :** Apprentice is trained to imitate the behaviour of expert policy



### Reference:

Read **2.Preliminaries** for good explanation

 [Markov Decision Process (MDP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markov_decision_process)

[Monte Carlo tree search](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monte_Carlo_tree_search)

[Kullback–Leibler divergence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kullback%E2%80%93Leibler_divergence)



A search tree is created while simulation is been run on the game, which has two phases: tree phase and roll out phase.

Each simulation consists of two parts. First, a **tree phase**, where the tree is traversed by taking actions
according to a tree policy. Second, a **rollout phase**, where some default policy is followed until the
simulation reaches a terminal game state. The result returned by this simulation can then be used to
update estimates of the value of each node traversed in the tree during the first phase.

At each node the algo store **n(s)**, the number of iterations in which the node has been visited so far. Each
edge stores both **n(s; a)**, the **number of times it has been traversed**, and **r(s; a)** the **sum of all rewards**
obtained in simulations that passed through the edge. 